# Car Match FrontendnnA modern, professional React application for matching users with their ideal car based on preferences and requirements.nn## Featuresn- User-friendly car search formn- Dynamic results and car cardsn- Internationalization (i18n) with centralized string managementn- Centralized color and style management using SCSSn- Responsive design with Material-UIn- State management with Redux Toolkitnn## Tech Stackn- React + TypeScriptn- Redux Toolkitn- React Routern- Material-UIn- SCSS (modular, BEM naming)n- i18next (for translations)nn## Folder Structuren```ncar-match-front/n├── public/n├── src/n│   ├── components/n│   │   ├── AdBanner/n│   │   ├── CarCard/n│   │   ├── CarList/n│   │   ├── SearchForm/n│   │   └── SearchHistory/n│   ├── locales/n│   │   └── en.jsonn│   ├── pages/n│   ├── services/n│   ├── store/n│   ├── styles/n│   │   └── colors.scssn│   ├── App.tsxn│   ├── index.tsxn│   └── ...n├── package.jsonn└── README.mdn```nn## Setup & Installationn1. **Clone the repository:**n   ```bashn   git clone https://github.com/Hila1/car-match-front.gitn   cd car-match-frontn   ```n2. **Install dependencies:**n   ```bashn   npm installn   ```n3. **Start the development server:**n   ```bashn   npm startn   ```n   The app will be available at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).nn## Usagen- Fill out the search form to find cars that match your preferences.n- View results and details for each car.n- All UI text is translatable and all colors/styles are centrally managed.nn## Best Practicesn- **All user-facing strings** are defined in `src/locales/en.json` and accessed via translation keys using `react-i18next`.n- **All colors** are defined in `src/styles/colors.scss` and imported where needed.n- **All component and page styles** are written in SCSS files (no inline styles in JSX). BEM naming convention is used for class names.n- **Consistent project structure**: Each component is in its own folder.nn## Contributingn1. Fork the repositoryn2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/your-feature`)n3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`)n4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/your-feature`)n5. Open a Pull Requestnn## Licensen[MIT](LICENSE) nn## AuthornHila Shapira